# KnightHacks-Zen-and-Blake

Thank you for reading this!

This program was originally created with the intent of using generative AI in order to create images and cross reference them with the internet in order to allow for users to find what they need based on similarities with what was generated. Due to insufficient time, in combination with the little experience we have and the limits imposed by a two person team, we were unable to complete our full concept design for the project. That being said, we both plan to continue working on this project as our skills as programmers develop with time, and hope to add the likes of Semantic Kernel, VectorDB, and potentially MondoDB to our project. We also have a vision of this program being able to run on a server domain, allowing for it to be accessed through websites.

How did we get this idea? While brainstorming what to work on during this event, Zen mentioned the sentiment that shopping for clothes can sometimes be a hassle, especially because you might search for a shirt or dress but not find one to be to your desirability. This is where our idea came into play; We wanted to make an interface for users that would allow them to generate their own clothing ideas with AI and then cross reference them on the internet to find similarities in the items for a better shopping experience. We also thought about other implications of such code, companies could utilize the the generative AI images to gather data about their users and create more products geared toward their consumer base. For example, if there is a large occurence of a certain type of shirt designed through generation, then a company may be able to supply that to their customers, allowing for a better experience overall. urthermore, we also came to the conclusion that we could allow for our program to support small businesses, such as local sellers on domains such as Etsy. A working theory was that if the program was unable to match a certain similarity threshold to existing objects with what the user selected, it would take them to an Etsy listing, looking for similar pages, allowing for local sellers to customize and personally tailor those items to users.

While we bit off much more than we could chew, we learned a lot about generative AI and how impactful it can be. We both walked into this event as total novices to project creation, never having used fundamental tools like Github or VSCode, and after familiarizing ourselves with their functionality we think it's safe to say we won't be going back. This being our first Hackathon ever, we really had no clue what to expect. It's safe to say that any expectations we did have were completely blown out of the water, and we look forward to attending many more events of this nature in the future.

Although our project under the course of this hackathon has to come to an end, we are not finished. We came to this event to learn, and while what we were able to accomplish in 36 hours was a lot to us, we know we have barely scraped the surface. We look forward to continuing this project and constantly making improvements.

We wanted to thank all the organizers and sponsors of this event, it has truly been magical and will be looked back on as the push towards a hopefully very successful career in the ever-evolving atmosphere of Computer Science

-Blake Coppens & Zen Lambertus, A.K.A Team Excellence
